Question 1: In 200 words or less, explain what you think the Basel Committee is trying to achieve with this regulation, 
pros/cons of this approach and what (if any) is the alternative? 

The Basel Committee has been created after the needs of 2008 crysis in order to implement an internationally
recognised regulatory system to prevent and reduce counterparty credit default risk in the banking world.
With the latest implementations and SA-CCR, an intervention has been made in order to simplify even more regulations,
communication and transparency between financial institutions. The SS-CCR standardised approach will reorganise the 
system and overwrite the older CEM, SM and IMM SM. Most importantly, the benefits of such system are the differences
between margined and unmargined transactions together with the recognition of netting benefits which was not accurately
defined in the previous models. Finally, the SM model did not provide banks with an identified, reliable method for calculating
Exposure at Default (EAD), as it used different internal methods for calculating deltas.
On the other hand, the SA-CCR uses two components being RC (replacement cost) and the PFE (potential future exposure). The PFE
in particular will incorporate the calculation of a multiplier that generalises both the partial recognition of excess counterparty 
collateral and the Add-On, which essentially takes into account correlation and differentiation between  different asset classes
grouped accordingly in hedging sets.
The negative effects of such resolution are that the implementation does not take into account the difficulties of utilising such
an intricate and complex classification system that banks and regulatory institutions will have to manage. The transmission and use 
of data under the SA-CCR requires a solid, workable technical solution that is shared equally among financial institutions.

Question 2: In 100 words or less, explain, as you would to your grandmother, what the Add-On is for?

As a premise, we said that the new SA-CCR helps differentiate more adequately between margined and unmargined transactions.
The Add-On factor was something that was used in the previous Basel (CEM) models. In the newest regulation, the Add-On factor has been 
implemented to the new EAD formula in a much more conservative way for evaluating exposure during stress cases. That is done firstly  
by calculatin the Add-On specifically to single asset classes, then by adding the amounts together and weighting according to the formula.
In simpler words, the Add-On is an added calculation that takes into account extreme economic cases where financial institutions 
require funds in order to prevent a collapse. It essentially answers the question, how much is required in the case of another 2008 crysis?
How much risk is "added" with these asset classes if another economic collapse happens?
